sup guys long time now video cars a
total mess got everything hanging out
handycam right now kind of sad but I
might note three on deck my note 3 I
just got to figure out how to do slo-mo
video and like that
I'm gonna make a video I gotta do
subwoofer I haven't really updated
anyone not YouTube about so I'm going a
little flex video and try to come on D
cabs in 33 tell you what I got
the person I'm just gonna keep it down
thanks XFL 15 233 Hertz the box I picked
it up off of Facebook Chicago car audio
find something lower but uh I got this
up overhead speakers redone because
there was like stuff hanging from it
like the cloth I ripped the cloth down
and I've just been lined it trying to
find something low on here see if we can
get some flex going
all right so that's the subwoofer hey I
got some double stufs I know my
sound cube up in here super tweeter
as afraid now the only thing that's am
does my door speaker this one and my
super tweeter that's the only audio I
have pretty much better get everything
cleaned up in here this came like this I
don't know what this is
it's like cheap I don't know if that's
like a fake there's a real alarm in here
and I gotta rip it all out yeah
thanks for watching touch you guys next
time
pretty soon though this is not my no
three I get as many videos off this so
since it's my cell phone it's a lot
easier to do plus it's really clear all
right like look at that nice alright
talk to you guys soon right